1.what type would you choose for the following “numbers”?
a person’s telephone number
 answer: uint
a person’s height
 answer: float
a person’s age
 answer: short
a person’s gender (male, female, prefer not to answer)
 answer: enum
a person’s salary
 answer: uint
a book’s isbn
 answer: ulong
a book’s price
 answer: uint
a book’s shipping weight
 answer: float
a country’s population
 answer: uint
the number of stars in the universe
 answer: ulong
the number of employees in each of the small or medium businesses in the
united kingdom (up to about 50,000 employees per business)
 answer:ushort

2.what are the difference between value type and reference type variables? what is
boxing and unboxing?
 answer: value type variable taking in the actual value of the variable as input,
         while reference type taking the actual reference of the varibale(memory address)
         boxing covert the object to certain type, while unboxing discard the type to object

3. what is meant by the terms managed resource and unmanaged resource in .net
 answer: managed resource means resource under direct control under .net code, hence they are using garbage collector
         while unmanaged resource means connections outside control of .net
4. whats the purpose of garbage collector in .net?
 answer: could help us release memory and allocates objects


Test your Knowledge
1. What happens when you divide an int variable by 0?
answer: it would throw DivideByZeroException
2. What happens when you divide a double variable by 0?
answer: it would throw DivideByZeroException
3. What happens when you overflow an int variable, that is, set it to a value beyond its
range?
answer: it would throw error message: Integral constant is too large
4. What is the difference between x = y++; and x = ++y;?
answer: ++y returns the value after it is incremented, while y++ return the value before it is incremented.
5. What is the difference between break, continue, and return when used inside a loop
statement?
answer: The break statement results in the termination of the loop, it will come out of the loop and stops further iterations. 
	The continue statement stops the current execution of the iteration and proceeds to the next iteration.
	The return statement takes you out of the method. It stops executing the method and returns from the method execution.
6. What are the three parts of a for statement and which of them are required?
answer: the keyword For that starts the loop, the condition being tested, and the EndFor keyword that terminates the loop
7. What is the difference between the = and == operators?
answer: = is assigning value, == is used for comparing values of two variables
8. Does the following statement compile? for ( ; true; ) ;
answer: yes
9. What does the underscore _ represent in a switch expression?
answer: it is same as keyword default, as it would reach with everything
10. What interface must an object implement to be enumerated over by using the foreach
statement
answer: iterator interface(in java)

1. When to use String vs. StringBuilder in C# ?
answer: string is immutable, while string builder is mutable
2. What is the base class for all arrays in C#?
answer: the Array class
3. How do you sort an array in C#?
answer: using array.sort
4. What property of an array object can be used to get the total number of elements in
an array?
answer: array.length(o)
5. Can you store multiple data types in System.Array?
answer: No
6. What’s the difference between the System.Array.CopyTo() and System.Array.Clone()?
answer: The Clone() method returns a new array (a shallow copy) object containing all the elements in the original array. 
	The CopyTo() method copies the elements into another existing array