Test your knowledge
1. What are the six combinations of access modifier keywords and what do they do?
answer: protected public private with internal
2. What is the difference between the static, const, and readonly keywords when applied to
a type member?
answer:  Static members can only be accessed within the static methods. 
The non-static methods cannot access static members. 
Readonly fields can be initialized at declaration or in the constructor
3. What does a constructor do?
answer: a method to create an instance of the given class, given parameters
4. Why is the partial keyword useful?
answer:  indicates that other parts of the class, struct, or interface can be defined in the namespace. 
All the parts must use the partial keyword. 
All the parts must be available at compile time to form the final type. 
All the parts must have the same accessibility
5. What is a tuple?
answer: data structure that can contain diffferent types of data
6. What does the C# record keyword do?
answer: define a reference type that provides built-in functionality for encapsulating data.
7. What does overloading and overriding mean?
answer: overloading methods could have different types of parameters, overriding means overriding the functions in the classes that is inherited from
8. What is the difference between a field and a property?
answer: property expose fields(first letter upper case). Fields should be kept private.
9. How do you make a method parameter optional?
answer: by params keyword
10. What is an interface and how is it different from abstract class?
answer: An abstract class allows you to create functionality that subclasses can implement or override. An interface only allows you to define functionality, not implement it
11. What accessibility level are members of an interface?
answer: should all be public

12. True/False. Polymorphism allows derived classes to provide different implementations
of the same method.
True
13. True/False. The override keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is
providing its own implementation of a method.
True
14. True/False. The new keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is
providing its own implementation of a method.
False
15. True/False. Abstract methods can be used in a normal (non-abstract) class.
False 
16. True/False. Normal (non-abstract) methods can be used in an abstract class. 
False
17. True/False. Derived classes can override methods that were virtual in the base class.
Trues 
18. True/False. Derived classes can override methods that were abstract in the base class. 
True
19. True/False. In a derived class, you can override a method that was neither virtual non abstract in the base class.
True
20. True/False. A class that implements an interface does not have to provide an
implementation for all of the members of the interface.
False
21. True/False. A class that implements an interface is allowed to have other members that
aren’t defined in the interface.
 True
22. True/False. A class can have more than one base class.
False
23. True/False. A class can implement more than one interface.
True

